fishhead TV travels the midwest to track
down the region's best bites and bring
you the latest guide tested tips to
catch more walleye what a pretty fish
look at that golden car
I am fish bass and pike that Pike right
there he is just fun to catch wherever
you fish hosted by veteran angler John
Ceylon that is just fun walleye to catch
fish head covers both eyes and open
water action catch the fishing
adventures of fish egg TV each Saturday
on Fox Sports north
that's a nice crappie right there on the
hard water front
we crisscross the ice belt for red-hot
fisheries to help you plan world-class
winter fishing from monster pike and
walleye on mighty Lake of the Woods look
at that fish I'll tell you what that's
what you can do when you react to be a
school of fish by dropping down a beat
like this one that rattles and get some
all tuned up are you going to bold blue
gills on secluded North Woods hot spots
big blue gills like that one right there
fish head covers it all and we don't
just show you lakes where the fish are
biting every week John shares advice on
finding and catching more fish on a
variety of waters and this ice warm
tanks their horizontal just like that
and it allows me to put a couple larvae
on the back of it and when I jiggle this
thing that larvae just spends a whole
bunch of time doing this each episode is
tailored to typical conditions and fish
behavior you can expect to encounter
when you hit the water when fish head
hits open water John continues his quest
for the Midwest's hottest bites and
outlines tricks for catching more fish
on every trip whether you enjoy fishing
live bait on Lindy rigs or prefer
casting or trolling with artificial
lures
yep feels like a pretty good on to us
John offers tips for triggering more
strikes with any presentation I don't
know if you could ask pretty thing
that's a lot more fun than that this is
just awesome if you can't get enough
fish head on TV check out our special
online versions posted within days of
filming these internet-only episodes
provide the most up-to-date information
possible revealing current fish
locations and hot fishing patterns on
lakes and rivers across the Midwest
catch fish head online on our youtube
channel at Lindy fishing tackle calm and
remember fish head covers both ice and
open water action look at size that
crappie that's just fun right there look
at that River rocker it's all the way
down to small catch the fishing
adventures of fish head TV each Saturday
on Fox Sports north beautiful all right
just let this big girl go